Rework bootstrapping docs (#2129)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/automate_compliance_reporting.rst

.. image:: ../../images/automate_compliance_searchbar.png

The **Compliance** search allows you to view and filter compliance scan results based on a defined set of filters.

Filters
---------------------------------------------------------------
* **Profile:** A profile is a set of controls expressed in the Chef InSpec language that define the preferred configuration of your system.  Chef Automate Compliance currently provides 88 built-in profiles under the `Profiles Store <profile_store.html>`__ You can also upload your own custom profiles expressed using the Chef InSpec language.

> * **Node:** A node is any system that is under management by Chef.

Reviewer: I'm struggling with this one, as a part-to-the-whole relationship. A node is part of a system, rather than the entire system.

Author: Machine is such awful slang for system though.

Reviewer: Agreed. It is ugly, but let's find a more specific synonym. Otherwise, we'll have to have people spin up a bunch of nodes to practice bootstrapping.

> * **Node:** A node is any device that is under management by Chef.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Node:** A node is any device that is under management by Chef Infra.
```

* **Platform:** You can run controls against a variety of platforms, such as AIX, Amazon Linux, Apache Tomcat, AppleOSX, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Oracle Solaris, RHEL, SUSE Linux, Ubuntu, and Microsoft Windows.
* **Environment:** You can filter compliance reports by the environments in any stage of your workflow.
* **Control:** Controls are the units of tests that constitute compliance profiles.
* **Role** A role is a way to define certain patterns and processes that exist across nodes in an organization as belonging to a single job function. For more information, see `About Roles <roles.html>`__.
* **Recipe** A recipe defines the configuration that is applied to a node. For more information, see `About Recipes <recipes.html>`__.

> * **Calendar:** You can limit the results of your report by selecting dates from the calendar in the search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Calendar:** Limit the results of your report by selecting dates from the calendar in the search bar.
```

Use an implied "you" whenever possible.  

See what I did there?

----------------------------------------------------
This view provides more detailed insight into the compliance status of the nodes in your system. This table can be sorted by node name, platform, environment, last scan, and the number of control failures from the most recent compliance scan.

> * **Node:** A node is any device that is under management by Chef.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Node:** A node is any device that is under management by Chef Infra.
```

* **Platform:** The operating system on your node such as AIX, Amazon Linux, Apache Tomcat, AppleOSX, CentOS, Oracle Linux, Oracle Solaris, RHEL, SUSE Linux, Ubuntu, and Microsoft Windows.
* **Environment:** You can filter compliance reports by the environments in any stage of your workflow.
* **Last Scan:** Time in hours, days, or months since the last scan on that node.
* **Control Failures:** Shows the number of failing controls, if any.

> * **Filter:** Select the filter icon on the right side of the row to select a node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Filter:** Select a node by clicking on the filter icon on the right side of the row.
```

> * **Filter:** Select a node by clicking on the filter icon on the right side of the row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Filter:** Select the filter icon on the right side of the row to select a node.
```
